1 . Arsenal, an English football team who plays in Premier League.

2 . I think that Arsenal is the best team because it have many notable and skilled players and the team have also won numerous trophies, the most notable one was when Arsenal won the Premier League at 2004 without a single loss.

3 . I devote almost my entire time for football. I watch almost all the Arsenal matches and I am willing to sacrifice anything for football and the thing that I am going to sacrifice for football is money.

4 . I will be very happy whenever Arsenal have won any matches and I will be disappointed whenever Arsenal have lost any matches and will criticize the team and its performances.

5 . Yes, I watch almost all the matches featuring Arsenal and I collect football trading cards and I own two Arsenal jerseys.

6 . I have many reasons on why I support Arsenal. One of them is that Arsenal have shown grit and determination in playing the matches and also winning the titles. Another reason is that Arsenal have a long history of being one of the best teams in Europe, having defeated a reasonable amount of bigger teams around the world.

7 . My main influence for me to support Arsenal is the former and notable manager of Arsenal, Arsene Wenger. He have lead Arsenal to numerous victories and he have also shaped the team into one of the formidable teams in Europe. He have also made Arsenal into a team with clean records and also have focused on youth development in football which have influenced me to support Arsenal and also to play football.

8 . So far, I have never skipped anything important because of my football fanaticism but I have slept late at night on many occasions because I was busy watching football matches.

9 . I am extremely fanatic towards Arsenal but not until the level of hooliganism. My fanaticism doesn’t have any great impact on myself and I am mentally stable.

10 . No, I never fought with anyone due to football matters but I have debated with many people, mostly my friends, regarding football teams’ performances and my relationship with others is stable and I never broke any friendships with anyone due to football matters.
